<<<PAGE 44>>>
Additionally, under such financing agreements, we are also required to comply with certain financial covenants, such as
maintaining prescribed financial ratios at all times. Our significant indebtedness in future may result in substantial amount
of debt service obligations which could lead to:
a. increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and competitive conditions;
b. limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
c. affecting our credit rating;
d. limiting our ability to borrow more money both now and in the future; and
e. increasing our interest expenditure and adversely affecting our profitability.
Although, we have not faced any of the aforementioned instances in the last three Fiscals, if the loans are recalled on a
shorter notice, we may be required to arrange for funds to fulfil the necessary requirements. The occurrence of these
events may have an effect on our cash flow and financial conditions of the Company.
Undertaking any transactions or events which are restricted as provided hereinabove, without the consent of our lenders
or non-compliance with any of the covenants of our financing agreements, constitute defaults under the relevant financing
agreements and will entitle the respective lenders to declare a default against us and enforce remedies under the terms of
the financing agreements as stated. This can include, among others, acceleration in repayment of the amounts outstanding
under the financing agreements, enforcement of any security interest created under the financing agreements and taking
possession of the assets given as security in respect of the financing agreements. Further, we cannot assure that we will
be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or to comply with such covenants or
other covenants in the future in a timely or guaranteed manner. There have not been any instances in the past wherein we
have defaulted any terms of our financing arrangement or unable to comply with any of the covenants, however we cannot
assure you that we will at all times be able to adhere to all the terms and covenants of our financing arrangements in the
future. A default by us under the terms of any financing agreements may also trigger a cross-default under some of our
other financing agreements, or any other agreements or instruments of our containing cross-default provisions, which
may individually or in aggregate, have an adverse effect on our operations, financial position and credit rating. For details
of our borrowings, see chapter titled “Financial Indebtedness” on page 425. Any delay or default in payment from our
customers could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows.
30. Our Director and Promoter Ajay Bhagwandas Tapadiya is unable to trace his educational degrees/certificates and
we have relied on undertakings furnished by him for the inclusion of such details in his profile detailed in the
chapter “Our Management” on Page 294. Accordingly, the BRLM has relied on the representation and
undertakings submitted for incorporating the relevant information in this Red Herring Prospectus and have not
been able to independently verify such information due to the non-availability of records.
Our Promoter and Joint Managing Director Ajay Bhagwandas Tapadiya is unable to trace document pertaining to certain
of his educational qualifications as detailed in “Our Management – Brief Profiles of our Directors” on page 294. He has
applied to his educational institution for certified copies, but the original document is currently unavailable. In the absence
of these original copies, the BRLM has relied on the representations and undertakings submitted by him for incorporating
the relevant information for disclosure as a part of this Red Herring Prospectus and have not been able to independently
verify such information due to the non-availability of original documents. There can be no assurance that the original
copies of such documents can be located or obtained in the future.
31. The land on which our Corporate Office and some of our Manufacturing Units are located, are either on a leave
and license agreement or on a lease agreement. If we are unable to renew such agreements or relocate our
operations at commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operations and cash flows.
The land on which some of our Manufacturing Units are located such as at Kandrori, Himachal Pradesh and Raigad,
Maharashtra are on leave and license agreements as detailed in Our Business- Properties on page 272. If we are unable
to renew such leave and license agreements and lease agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a
disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future and may, to that extent,
need to revise our raw material sourcing, product manufacturing and raw material and product inventory schedules and/or
incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere in order to continue to honour our commitments to
our customers.
Although no such hindrances, claims or disputes have occurred as on date of the Red Herring Prospectus, in case of any
encumbrance or adverse impact or deficiency in the title of the owners or development rights from whose premises we
operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements
under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to
us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and shall have to look for alternate
premises. In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive
39
<<<PAGE 151>>>
June 30, 2025 5,000 10.00 600.00 Transfer to Cash 30.00 54.55
Vandana
Kothari
June 30, 2025 1,000 10.00 600.00 Transfer to Cash 6.00 54.55
Pratima
Modani
Weighted average cost of 61.50
acquisition (WACA)
^ Price adjusted for bonus issue
As certified by the Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated September 24, 2026
d) Weighted average cost of acquisition, floor price and cap price
Please see below details of the weighted average cost of acquisition, based on the details set out under (a), (b) and (c)
above, as compared to the Floor price and Cap price:
Types of transactions Weighted average cost of Floor price (i.e. ₹ [●]*) Cap price (i.e. ₹ [●]*)
acquisition (₹ per Equity
Share)
WACA of Primary issuances NA NA NA
WACA of Secondary NA NA NA
transactions
Based on primary transactions NA NA NA
Based on Secondary transactions 61.50^ [●] [●]
*To be updated at Prospectus stage
^ Price adjusted for bonus issue of 10:1 on September 17, 2025
As certified by the Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated September 24, 2026.
Explanation for Offer Price / Cap Price being [●] times of weighted average cost of acquisition of primary issuance
price / secondary transaction price of Equity Shares (set out in 9(d) above) along with our Company’s key
performance indicators and financial ratios for the Fiscal 2026, Fiscals 2025 and Fiscal 2024 and external factors
which may have influenced the pricing of the offer.
[●]*
*To be included at Prospectus Stage
Explanation for Offer Price / Cap Price being [●] price of weighted average cost of acquisition of primary issuance
price / secondary transaction price of Equity Shares (set out in 9(d) above) in view of the external factors which
may have influenced the pricing of the Offer.
[●]*
*To be included at Prospectus Stage
The Offer Price is [●] times of the face value of the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of ₹ [●]/- has been determined by our
Company in consultation with the BRLM, on the basis of assessment of market demand from investors for Equity Shares
through the Book Building Process and is justified in view of the above qualitative and quantitative parameters. The
trading price of Equity Shares could decline due to factors mentioned in “Risk Factors” on page 21 and you may lose all
or part of your investments. Investors should read the above-mentioned information along with “Risk Factors”, “Our
Business”, “Restated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” on pages 21, 240, 339 and 401 respectively, to have a more informed view.
146
<<<PAGE 261>>>
Our Business Strategies
Continued focus on current business verticals
As part of our strategy and constant growth process, we intend to keep focusing on growing our manufacturing business
of PSC sleepers and MS pipes along with enhancing our services sector business also and thus endeavour to improve our
financial performance. Our continued focus on our current expertise and business verticals will help us in increasing share
within existing markets or with current customers and strengthening customer loyalty and repeat business.
We are currently present in the states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Odisha,
Karnataka and Punjab wherein we have units either owned by us, or leased or allotted for job work purposes catering to
our clients and business requirement. Our intention is to bid for such new rail projects and orders for MS pipes to build our
order book and revenues. As a strategy, we intend on improving efficiency, reducing costs, and increasing profitability in
current verticals along with streamlining our existing supply chains and processes. We intend to specialize and continue
expanding in the railway infrastructure sector, choosing new areas for future growth, that are closely associated with the
current specializations of the Company, to allow focus on multi-dimensional revenue growth in the future. We intend to
leverage our core competencies in our current business verticals to grow our business in in other segments of rail
infrastructure, modern track systems, civil infrastructure and other areas in a cost-effective manner. Further, in the MS Pipes
division, our specialization in fabrication of large diameter pipes leverages us in the market as a reliable supplier and sub-
contractor for clients who use the final products in a number of irrigation and infrastructure projects, including power
generation projects and dams.
We intend to continue to focus on efficiency, performance and execution in order to maximize our profit margins and
enhance a positive financial stability. We intend to utilize advanced technologies, innovatory methods, designs, and
modern tools to increase productivity and maximize asset utilization in our manufacturing activities and also services
sector operations. This will ensure innovating or refining our product and service quality to stay competitive and adapting
to evolving customer needs within the vertical. We intend to continue to invest in and upgrade our information and
communication technology infrastructure for our operations in order to offer high quality solutions and products to our
clients. We will also continue to invest in construction equipment, manpower resources and training to improve our ability
to execute our projects with quality and efficiency. As a part of the growth strategy, we also intend to focus on competitive
bidding and client relationship efforts in known industries by leveraging industry-specific expertise to build trust and
authority.
Maintain financial stability with continued profitable growth
Our strategic goal of sustaining a healthy financial position while also expanding the business in a way that consistently
generates profit and maintaining financial discipline has contributed to our financial performance. We intend to maintain
and ensure favourable cash flow and liquidity by maintaining healthy balance sheet ratios (e.g., debt-to-equity, current
ratio) and build financial resilience to navigate market fluctuations. Our strategy is to focus on expanding revenue while
protecting or improving margins, prioritize high-ROI investments and avoid unsustainable growth strategies and scale
operations efficiently, avoiding overextension. We intend to continue monitoring and controlling operating expenses and
optimize resource allocation for maximum return while aiming for higher profitability, we intend to avoid over-leveraging
our balance sheet or undertake projects that would require significant investment in equipment or manpower. For a
sustainable performance we also intend to balance short-term profitability with long-term value creation and reinforce
governance, compliance, and risk management practices. To ensure the same we intend to prioritize growth opportunities
within existing profitable business units, evaluate new investments through a profitability and risk-oriented diligence
process, implement KPIs that track both financial health and growth performance and continuously improve forecasting
and budgeting processes.
Enhance automation of internal manufacturing processes to improve cost effectiveness
We are focused on using appropriate cost-effective technologies for manufacturing of products to continue to be a
comprehensive solution provider to our customers in the railway infrastructure sector and for our private sector clients
across our business verticals. Improving cost and operational efficiency in our manufacturing processes continues to be
one of our key strategies. We have implemented strategic cost- saving and efficiency improvement measures such as
automation solutions to improve productivity and bring efficiency in the manufacturing and construction processes. We
plan to continue to invest in mechanised and automated intervention in manufacturing and construction. Such investments
in automation of our internal operations gives us long term advantage in terms of our operational costs including employee
cost and reduce levels of rework required during our manufacturing and construction processes.
256
<<<PAGE 477>>>
Mumbai edition of Navshakti, a Marathi daily newspaper (Marathi being the regional language of Maharashtra, where our
Registered office is located), each with wide circulation, along with the relevant financial ratios calculated at the Floor
Price and at the Cap Price, and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their
websites. The Price Band, along with the relevant financial ratios calculated at the Floor Price and at the Cap Price shall
be pre-filled in the Bid cum Application Forms available at the website of the Stock Exchanges. The Offer Price shall be
determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM, after the Bid/Offer Closing Date, on the basis of assessment
of market demand for the Equity Shares offered by way of Book Building Process.
At any given point of time, there shall be only one denomination for the Equity Shares, unless otherwise permitted by law.
There are no outstanding Equity Shares of the Company having superior voting rights compared to Equity Shares.
Compliance with Disclosure and Accounting Norms
Our Company shall comply with all disclosure and accounting norms as specified by SEBI from time to time.
Rights of the Equity Shareholders
Subject to applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines and our Articles of Association, the equity Shareholders will
have the following rights:
➢ Right to receive dividend, if declared;
➢ Right to attend general meetings and exercise voting powers, unless prohibited by law;
➢ Right to vote on a poll either in person or by proxy or e-voting;
➢ Right to receive offers for rights shares and be allotted bonus shares, if announced;
➢ Right to receive any surplus on liquidation subject to any statutory and preferential claims being satisfied;
➢ Right of free transferability of their Equity Shares subject to applicable laws including any rules and regulations
prescribed by the RBI; and
➢ Such other rights as may be available to a shareholder of a listed public company under the Companies Act, the terms
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association and other applicable
laws.
For a detailed description of the main provisions of our Articles of Association relating to voting rights, dividend,
forfeiture, lien, transfer, transmission, consolidation and splitting, see “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association” on
page 502.
Market Lot and Trading Lot and Option to receive Equity Shares in Dematerialized Form
In terms of Section 29 of the Companies Act, and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares shall be Allotted only
in dematerialized form. Bidders will not have the option of Allotment of the Equity Shares in physical form. As per the
SEBI ICDR Regulations, the trading of the Equity Shares shall only be in dematerialised form. In this context, our
Company has entered into the following agreements:
➢ Tripartite agreement dated February 21, 2025, amongst our Company, NSDL and Registrar to the Offer.
➢ Tripartite agreement dated July 28, 2025, amongst our Company, CDSL and Registrar to the Offer.
Since trading of our Equity Shares shall only be in dematerialized form, the tradable lot is one (1) Equity Share. Allotment
in the Offer will be only in electronic form in multiples of [●] Equity Shares, subject to a minimum Allotment of [●]
Equity Shares. For the method of Basis of Allotment, see “Offer Procedure” on page 478.
Joint Holders
Subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association, where two or more persons are registered as the holders of any
Equity Shares, they will be deemed to hold such Equity Shares as joint-tenants with benefits of survivorship.
Jurisdiction
Exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of the Offer is with the competent courts/authorities in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Nomination facility to investors
In accordance with Section 72 of the Companies Act, read with Companies (Share Capital and Debentures Rules, 2014,
the sole or first Bidder, with other joint Bidders, may nominate any one person in whom, in the event of the death of sole
Bidder or in case of joint Bidders, death of all the Bidders, as the case may be, the Equity Shares Allotted, if any, will
vest. A nominee entitled to the Equity Shares by reason of the death of the original holder(s), will, in accordance with
472
