<<<PAGE 138>>>
Limited divided by Average Net Worth. Average Net Worth is calculated as the average of the Net Worth at the end of relevant period/year and
beginning of the relevant period/year.
ii. Net Worth has been defined as the aggregate value of the paid-up share capital and all reserves created out of the profits and securities premium
account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the accumulated losses, deferred expenditure
and miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, but does not include reserves created out
of revaluation of assets, write-back of depreciation and amalgamation, in accordance with Regulation 2(1)(hh) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Accordingly net worth has been calculated as equity attributable to the owners of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited as reduced by Other
Comprehensive Income, Capital Reserve on consolidation and Liquidity Enhancement Scheme Incentive Reserve.
iii. The Weighted average return on Net Worth is a product of Return on Net Worth and respective assigned weight, dividing the resultant by total
aggregate weight.
5. Net Asset Value (“NAV”) per share (Face value of ₹ 1)
Particulars Amount (₹)
As on June 30, 2026 142.40
As on June 30, 2025 134.67
As on March 31, 2026 129.75
After the Offer
- At the Floor Price [●]*
- At the Cap Price [●]*
Offer Price [●]*
* To be computed upon finalisation of the Price Band.
Notes:
(1) The Group does not have any outstanding dilutive potential Equity Shares, the basic and diluted NAV remains the same.
(2) Net Asset Value per Equity share represents Total Equity divided by the number of Equity Shares (post bonus) as at the end of the relevant
period/year.
6. Comparison of Accounting Ratios with listed industry peer
We have considered BSE Limited as the listed peer company, given its operation as a comparable multi-asset stock
exchange with presence across cash market, equity derivatives, mutual funds and other segments (including exchange
traded derivatives and wholesale debt market) similar to those of our Company. Further, BSE Limited exhibits a
broadly similar revenue mix, with income streams comprising transaction charges, listing services, data related services
and charges and other exchange-related revenues. Set forth below is a comparison of our accounting ratios with BSE
Limited as identified in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations:
Total Revenue
from Face Value P/E ratio EPS Net Asset
Name of the Standalone / RoNW
operations (no. of Value per
company consolidated (%)
(₹ per equity times) Diluted share (₹)
(₹ in Million) Basic (₹)
share) (₹)
Our Company Consolidated 166,013.09 1 [●]^ 41.62 41.62 33.21% 129.75
Listed peer
BSE Limited(1) Consolidated 48,339.50 2 54.28(2) 60.61(3) 60.61(3) 45.00%(4) 163.60(5)
^ To be updated upon finalisation of the Price Band.
Notes:
1. All the financial information for listed industry peer is sourced from the financial information of such listed industry peer as at and for the
Financial Year ended March 31, 2026 available on the website of the stock exchanges or the company.
2. P/E Ratio has been computed based on the closing market price of equity shares available on NSE website as on September 9, 2026 divided
by the diluted earnings per share as at and for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
3. Basic and diluted EPS from total operations as reported in the consolidated financial statement.
4. Return on Net Worth (RoNW)% is calculated as profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of the company divided by Average Net
Worth. Average Net Worth is calculated as the average of the net worth at the end of relevant period/year and beginning of the relevant
period/ year.
5. NAV per share is calculated as equity attributable to shareholders of the company as at March 31, 2026 divided by the total number of equity
shares disclosed on NSE website as at March 31, 2026.
7. Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”)
The table below sets forth the details of the KPIs that our Company considers have a bearing for arriving at the basis
for Offer Price. The KPIs disclosed below have been used historically by our Company to understand and analyse our
business performance, which in result, help us in analysing the growth of our business in comparison to our peers. The
Bidders can refer to the below-mentioned KPIs, being a combination of financial and operational key financial and
operational KPIs, to make an assessment of our Company’s performance in various business verticals and make an
informed decision.
The KPIs disclosed below have been approved by a resolution of our Audit Committee dated September 10, 2026
(copy made available under “Material Contracts and Documents for Inspection – Material Documents” as disclosed
on page 592), certified by our Chief Financial Officer, on behalf of the management of our Company by way of their
certificate dated September 10, 2026. The Audit Committee has confirmed that the KPIs pertaining to our Company
133
